0 : "Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it." — Charles R. Swindoll
1 : "Success is a journey not a destination." — Ben Sweetland 
2 : "What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." — Zig Ziglar
3 : "It always seems impossible until it's done." — Nelson Mandela 
4 : “Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.” — Maya Angelou
5 : "Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star." — W. Clement Stone
6 : "If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way." — Napoleon Hill   
7 : “Success only comes to those who dare to attempt.” — Mallika Tripathi
8 : “I never dreamed about success. I worked for it.” — Estée Lauder
9 : "If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door." — Milton Berle   RELATED: 45 Best Quotes About Change to Help Inspire Your Next Move
10 : “You’ve got to learn to leave the table when love’s no longer being served.” — Nina Simone
11 : "Love yourself first and everything else falls into place." — Lucille Ball
12 : “If you prioritize yourself, you are going to save yourself.” — Gabrielle Union
13 :  “It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.” — E.E. Cummings
14 :  “You are your best thing.” — Toni Morrison
15 : "By being yourself you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before." — Edwin Elliot
16 :  “Caring for myself is not self-indulgence, it is self-preservation, and that is an act of political warfare.” — Audre Lorde 
17 : “I realized that I don’t have to be perfect. All I have to do is show up and enjoy the messy, imperfect, and beautiful journey of my life.” — Kerry Washington  
18 : “If we give our children sound self-love, they will be able to deal with whatever life puts before them.” — Bell Hooks
19 : "Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God." — Leo BuscagliaRELATED: 50 Best Self-Love Quotes To Help You Appreciate You
20 : "Be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else." — Judy Garland 
21 : "Joy does not simply happen to us. We have to choose joy and keep choosing it every day." — Henri J.M. Nouwen
22 : "Be happy for this moment. This moment in your life." — Omar Khayyam 
23 : "If you carry joy in your heart, you can heal any moment." — Carlos Santana
24 : "Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy." — Thich Nhat Hanh
25 : "Nothing is impossible. The word itself says, 'I'm possible!'" — Audrey Hepburn
26 : "If you can dream it, you can do it." — Walt Disney  
27 : "To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people just exist." — Oscar Wilde
28 : "Do something wonderful, people may imitate it." — Albert Schweitzer
29 : "Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves." — J.M. Barrie
30 : "To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often." —Winston Churchill 
31 : "Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." — George Bernard Shaw  
32 : "You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." — C.S. Lewis
33 : “When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.” — Helen Keller
34 : "Rise above the storm and you will find the sunshine." — Mario Fernández
35 : “Vitality shows not only in the ability to persist but in the ability to start over.” — F. Scott Fitzgerald
36 : “It is never too late to be what you might have been.” — George Eliot
37 : "You must be the change you wish to see in the world." — Mahatma Ghandi
38 : “Mistakes are a fact of life. It is the response to the errors that counts.” — Nikki Giovanni
39 : "The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." — Ralph Waldo Emerson RELATED: 100 Inspirational Graduation Quotes to Motivate and Congratulate New Graduates
40 : "You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water." — Rabindranath Tagore
41 : "Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will." — Suzy Kassem  
42 : "With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts." — Eleanor Roosevelt
43 : "The moment you doubt whether you can fly, you cease forever to be able to do it." — J.M. Barrie
44 : "You don't always need a plan. Sometimes you just need to breathe, trust, let go, and see what happens." — Mandy Hale
45 : “Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.” — Neil Gaiman 
46 : “What we fear of doing most is usually what we most need to do.” — Ralph Waldo Emerson
47 : “Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.” — Winston S. Churchill
48 : “It is only when we take chances, when our lives improve. The initial and the most difficult risk that we need to take is to become honest.” — Walter Anderson
49 : "Above all, be the heroine of your life, not the victim." — Nora Ephron
50 : "Be there for others, but never leave yourself behind." — Dodinsky
51 : “When you put love out in the world it travels, and it can touch people and reach people in ways that we never even expected.” — Laverne Cox
52 : "Things are never quite as scary when you've got a best friend." — Bill Watterson 
53 : "Never regret anything that made you smile." — Mark Twain 
54 : "Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud." — Maya Angelou
55 : "The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched — they must be felt with the heart." — Helen Keller
56 : "Love doesn't make the world go 'round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile." — Franklin P. Jones
57 : “Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: Only love can do that.” — Martin Luther King Jr.
58 : “When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.” — Paulo Coelho
59 : “Give light and people will find the way.” — Ella Baker 
60 : “Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.” — Oscar Wilde
61 : “You can’t be hesitant about who you are.” — Viola Davis
62 : “You’ve gotta dance like there’s nobody watching, love like you’ll never be hurt, sing like there’s nobody listening, and live like it’s heaven on earth.” — William W. Purkey 
63 : “Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.” — Mahatma Gandhi 
64 : “Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it’s better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.” — Marilyn Monroe 
65 : “Everything you can imagine is real.” — Pablo Picasso 
66 : “Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” — Theodore Roosevelt
67 : "A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." — Albert Einstein  
68 : “Speak your mind, even if your voice shakes.” — Maggie Kuhn 
69 : "Encourage yourself, believe in yourself, and love yourself. Never doubt who you are." — Stephanie LahartRELATED: 55 Best Positivity Quotes to Boost Your Mood and Brighten Your Day
70 : “The individual who says it is not possible should move out of the way of those doing it.” — Trivia Cunningham    
71 : “You learn more from failure than from success. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character.” — Unknown     
72 : "It is better to travel well than to arrive." — Buddha
73 : "Wherever you go, go with all your heart." — Confucius
74 : "Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better." — Albert Einstein
75 : “A problem is a chance for you to do your best.” — Duke Ellington
76 : “Don’t count the days, make the days count.” — Muhammad Ali
77 : “Fall 7 times, stand up 8.” — Japanese Proverb 
78 : “You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.” — George Lorimer
79 : "In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: It goes on." — Robert Frost 
80 : “Some women choose to follow men, and some choose to follow their dreams. If you’re wondering which way to go, remember that your career will never wake up and tell you that it doesn’t love you anymore.” — Lady Gaga 
81 : “Don’t waste a minute not being happy. If one window closes, run to the next window — or break down a door.” — Brooke Shields
82 : “Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another stepping stone to greatness.” — Oprah Winfrey 
83 : “The only way to have a life is to commit it to like crazy.” — Angelina Jolie
84 : “Believe in yourself. Stay in your own lane. There’s only one you.” — Queen Latifah
85 : "Miracles happen everyday, change your perception of what a miracle is and you'll see them all around you." — Jon Bon Jovi
86 : “I was built this way for a reason, so I’m going to use it.” — Simone Biles 
87 : “I have standards I don’t plan on lowering for anybody, including myself.” — Zendaya
88 : “Self-esteem means knowing you are the dream.” — Oprah Winfrey 
89 : “If you are working on something that you really care about, you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you.” — Steve Jobs
90 : “A person without regrets is a nincompoop.” — Mia Farrow
91 : “Real courage is when you know you’re licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what.” — Harper Lee 
92 : “You can’t turn back the clock. But you can wind it up again.” — Bonnie Prudden
93 : “It’s a whole lot more satisfying to reach for the stars, even if you end up landing only on the moon.” — Kermit the Frog
94 : “Be open to learning new lessons, even if they contradict the lessons you learned yesterday.” — Ellen Degeneres
95 : “The sky isn’t the limit — the sky has no limit.” — Sarah Barker 
96 : “They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.” — Andy Warhol
97 : “The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.” — Colin R. Davis
98 : "Yesterday's the past, tomorrow's the future, but today is a gift. That's why it's called the present." — Bil Keane
99 : “It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.” — Herman Melville
